Dawn Abriel: March 13 2020 intake for look Laura Lu Han
Dawn Abriel: Was told that she was on her way.
Dawn Abriel: So I will get ready here.
Dawn Abriel: Morning I you, Laura.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I'm got your brielle. Nice to meet you.
Laura lujan: Nice to meet you too.
Dawn Abriel: So I have a really tight schedule this morning. So if, if you don't mind, I'd like to sort of just jam through this
Dawn Abriel: And I need to start with. I just pulled you chart up
Dawn Abriel: Are you working right now.
Laura lujan: No, I'm not.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that means we've got little more flexibility.
Laura lujan: What
Dawn Abriel: What group, we can put you in. Do you happen to be a morning person.
Laura lujan: Yeah. Yeah, of course I do.
Dawn Abriel: Are you okay, could you come to a 7am group.
Laura lujan: Yeah, good.
Dawn Abriel: All right, so that would be Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: at 7am your therapist is going to be here and I in the doctor for that. That group also
Dawn Abriel: Where do you live,
Laura lujan: I live on a limit on New Mexico is I'm
Dawn Abriel: Really excited. That's okay. I just need to know how far away. It's about 70 miles from me so
Laura lujan: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: When was the last time you had any opioid
Laura lujan: Like five days ago, it's been it's been, I mean I'm struggling, like if I don't, if anything, I'm gonna have to go to me because I'm like going through like withdrawals of like the Suboxone and it's not good.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, so the last thing you had was Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: And when was that that was five days ago.
Laura lujan: All right, hold on.
Laura lujan: One.
Laura lujan: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So were you ever an IV drug user
Laura lujan: Right. Yeah, but not for heroin. It was from. It was from doesn't mean
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and I assume that you had to start using more and more and you got physically dependent on the opioids.
Dawn Abriel: Correct. Any overdoses.
Laura lujan: Yeah, I had one orders that caused me the end up in the hospital for five days.
Dawn Abriel: Any legal issues because of your drug use.
Laura lujan: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And are you on probation or
Laura lujan: Free trial.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And did your life sort of revolve around thinking about the drugs using the drugs. We're looking for the them.
Dawn Abriel: Was. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: That's what most people tell me. And how old were you when you first started using any kind of illicit drugs even marijuana
Laura lujan: 17
Dawn Abriel: And was what drug was that
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Has the drug use resulted in problems with relationships and keeping a job.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And is this the first program you've been in
Correct.
Dawn Abriel: Well, let's hope it's the last
Laura lujan: I agree.
Dawn Abriel: And that because of what opioids do to the brain. They that may cause so much change in the brain itself, but people often have sleeping anxiety caused from the opioid, is that true for you.
Laura lujan: Yeah, it really is, especially with the withdrawals from that, too.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's different than then withdrawals are different than what the drug itself.
Laura lujan: Yeah, like I
Laura lujan: Was saying while I was on the drive for a long time because yeah I yeah
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: So I can't spell here.
Let's go back.
Dawn Abriel: And let's do a little medical history, I have to read through a really long list just stop me if any of them apply to you. Do you know what your blood type is
Know,
Dawn Abriel: If you had any head trauma any I ear, nose or throat difficulties any breathing know asthma pneumonia chronic bronchitis.
Laura lujan: Pneumonia, I have pneumonia like
Laura lujan: A month ago.
Laura lujan: And that's
Dawn Abriel: Okay, but that's not a chronic thing, you haven't had many of them like once a year.
Laura lujan: No. No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So these are chronic problems, any muscle joint or bone disease.
Dawn Abriel: And you know I road problems, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases are tested positive for tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: In our skin problems. No.
Dawn Abriel: New moles epilepsy seizures severe headaches stroke bipolar depression hallucinations, delusions suicide ideas or suicide attempts, any gut problems with cirrhosis gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis also disease hearing aids allergic.
Dawn Abriel: chronic sinus infections ventures.
Laura lujan: Hearing aids right
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Laura lujan: Okay, I am
Laura lujan: Hearing both years
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots or abnormal
Dawn Abriel: Heart rate know why. All right. Anything else that you have. Did I didn't ask you about
Laura lujan: No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you think of something. Let me know. It's really easy to go back and
Dawn Abriel: Pop it in there. Have you ever been hospitalized for a behavioral health and mental illness.
Laura lujan: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And what age were you
Laura lujan: I was working
Dawn Abriel: And what was that for
Laura lujan: Um, they found, I guess technically suicide because they found a bleed in my bag at school, and it was used to cut myself.
Laura lujan: And I
Laura lujan: Kind of like unwatched kinda like
Dawn Abriel: And that was your intent. You wanted to kill yourself.
Yeah.
Laura lujan: I guess kinda
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you don't have those thoughts now.
Laura lujan: No, no.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now.
Laura lujan: What
Dawn Abriel: Your stress how stressed. Are you right now.
Dawn Abriel: And that's fairly withdrawal.
Laura lujan: Yeah, and other things to your family issues and legal issues and then everything else to
Dawn Abriel: Financial
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And relationships.
Laura lujan: I know there's new. Sure. Okay. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your self esteem is like how you like yourself.
Laura lujan: It's actually pretty high right now. It's really high, because I'm finally sober. I'm actually really hustled
Dawn Abriel: Hey,
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Have you had any hospitalizations.
Dawn Abriel: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Any
Laura lujan: Surgeries no
Dawn Abriel: So you had
Laura lujan: An abortion countless or
Dawn Abriel: I'll get to that later. No, not really. But you had the console's in your appendix in your gallbladder.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and and your wisdom teeth. Okay.
Laura lujan: I got most interesting out. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive and in good health.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: No, no, addiction problems.
Laura lujan: She the methamphetamine, and she doesn't know she has a medical marijuana card. She's got she
Laura lujan: She has her
Dawn Abriel: And your father. Is he alive and didn't good health.
Laura lujan: Yeah, he, he did it to the alcohol but he's alive and he's healthy I kick. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, a job with the state. So, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers and sisters
No.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and you can go on.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to ask you some questions about
Dawn Abriel: smoking and alcohol and other drugs. So what role does tobacco play in your life.
Laura lujan: I just started playing all my life actually as
Dawn Abriel: So you started smoking just recently.
Recently,
Dawn Abriel: Oh my God, give it up now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop right now. Really it's dangerous thing you can be doing really there for over 400 toxic can to producing chemicals in cigarettes.
Laura lujan: So,
So listen to this.
Laura lujan: It just withdraws from the market. And that's why, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I will give you more Suboxone you quit smoking.
Dawn Abriel: Look,
Dawn Abriel: Listen, this
Dawn Abriel: This we are in an opioid epidemic. Right.
Laura lujan: Yeah, you
Dawn Abriel: Heard that right so about 50,000 to 60,000 people are dying from overdoses right every year.
Dawn Abriel: In this country from opioid now listen
Dawn Abriel: 470,000 people die every year from tobacco from tobacco.
Dawn Abriel: So many, many, many four times more people die from tobacco.
Dawn Abriel: About have you quit drinking also
Under
Dawn Abriel: Never, not even notionally
Laura lujan: Know, did you say, Okay, I'm sorry. Okay, so, like, the dude on the phone with I'm hard of hearing so me and him, I very like it was almost like an hour on the phone. It's just me and him two hours on the phone because I can't hear him.
Dawn Abriel: Do you want, do you want me to talk louder.
Laura lujan: No, no, you're fine. I can hear you perfectly fine. I can also read your lips.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, okay, good.
Laura lujan: I mean him on the phone. So I was like, oh my God. Can you repeat that, can you read that, can you
Dawn Abriel: Some, some sounds are easier to hear than others. I have a real high pitched voice so
Laura lujan: If you do I hear your voice and I want to hear his yeah
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, okay. Do you eat. Good. Well, do you have
Laura lujan: A map set back a lot. Um, I have been having a lot of diarrhea problems, but that's expected because I've been on drugs for so long. And then it's just trying to kick you know get all the drug databases now.
Dawn Abriel: And you get exercise regularly.
Laura lujan: And no, I walk, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Do you take an aspirin every day.
Laura lujan: Yeah Tylenol.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's not aspirin. That's
Laura lujan: Another thing.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have a household smoke detector.
Laura lujan: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You keep any guns in your home.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Laura lujan: Toilet seat.
Dawn Abriel: Belts. Okay. And you're sexually active right now.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born female and you identify as being female
Laura lujan: Yes.
Can right
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever use benzodiazepines recreationally Zandi bars value Ambien
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay. You were born and raised where
Laura lujan: Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: And how much caffeine. Do you have each day.
Her
Laura lujan: By like three to four apples a day.
Dawn Abriel: And your marijuana use. How old were you when you started in last time.
Laura lujan: Started what
Laura lujan: Marijuana. I'm never used marijuana
Laura lujan: Law, I have tried it. I want to buy whatever I was like in like 2017. I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You were 17 when you started cocaine and when was the last
Dawn Abriel: You thinking I was
Laura lujan: 18 so 2017
Dawn Abriel: And Wendy
Dawn Abriel: When did you excuse me stroke the methamphetamine.
Laura lujan: I was 18
Dawn Abriel: And your last use
Laura lujan: About a month ago yeah okay 2020 and 20 okay to 2020 is over.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, great.
Dawn Abriel: And how far did you go in school.
Laura lujan: I went all the way to the system. I got a master's degree in psychology
Dawn Abriel: Wonderful, and what what kinds of jobs. Have you had
Laura lujan: I mainly stick with server drums. So I was serving in restaurants and stuff.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. And what do you like to do for fun.
Laura lujan: I'm to do kill
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you're in pre trial right now can and with whom do you live.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: You're unemployed.
Dawn Abriel: For now, and what's your source of support.
Laura lujan: My dad. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started having periods.
Laura lujan: 14 or, to be honest. Let's go with 13 because that's so cool. So yeah 13
Laura lujan: But no, we're not sure probably 10
Laura lujan: Big 12 right okay 11 Kimmy.
Dawn Abriel: And. And have you ever had abnormal periods or abnormal Pap smears or
Laura lujan: Um, I am light periods like cancer normal
Dawn Abriel: Well, people who are on opioids. They don't produce as much estrogen. So they almost always have abnormal periods.
Laura lujan: Well, like I said, I just have like really like I got my food would either not come, or it would come like really like also because I am the add the birth of implant my arm.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, OK. How many times have you been pregnant.
Laura lujan: Once
OK.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Another really let me just start with a
Dawn Abriel: Patient is in
Dawn Abriel: Withdrawal
Dawn Abriel: So you've got a runny nose, hot and cold sweat.
Laura lujan: Yeah, the cool to us and bad like I'll wake up and like my bed drenched in sweat. Like, I don't know.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: What else are you in the diarrhea.
Laura lujan: Yeah do yeah I'm in a lot of pain. Also like my like my body aches. Yeah.
Laura lujan: Yeah yeah but
Laura lujan: I mean other than that. I'm okay. I mean, okay.
Laura lujan: So it's just
Dawn Abriel: Another right another long list of
Dawn Abriel: Symptoms. So, stop me if any of them apply to you, but don't say yes to the withdrawal symptoms.
Laura lujan: Okay, I see what you're saying. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Actually fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance.
Laura lujan: Financial area because I've been having that source for
Laura lujan: Like probably like last month. So, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So not associated with withdrawal.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change of vision and you do have difficulty hearing and hearing loss. And what is that from
Laura lujan: Birth, I was wanted to sodium, potassium, and it caused me to have a senior and then it caused me to
Dawn Abriel: Do you have ringing in your ears.
Laura lujan: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose chronic congestion sore lips or mouse or tongue lumping on now I
Laura lujan: Have IBS. In general, like that. That's like a general one that I have
I don't know if that's
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm not quite there yet, but
Dawn Abriel: Does that cause abdominal pain.
Laura lujan: Yeah, that's
Dawn Abriel: All right, I'm gonna go back to the medical history and put in that
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you when you were diagnosed with IBS.
Laura lujan: I was 17 my mom. My mom has it too. So
All right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, we'll go back to the list.
Dawn Abriel: Shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, irregular heartbeat. You can't breathe when you're lying down swelling in your ankles varicose veins.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't have diarrhea, except when you're withdrawing. Do you get constipation.
Laura lujan: Yeah, across his whenever I'm not withdrawing. Yeah.
Laura lujan: Yeah, actually was was transportation twice.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Remind me to give you a recipe for
Dawn Abriel: What you need to be taking while you're on the Suboxone okay
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let me finish with this pain a lot being too little having blood in your urine painful urination changing hair and nail or skin texture.
Dawn Abriel: New moles itching, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp headaches vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression.
Dawn Abriel: Sadness interfering with life.
Dawn Abriel: Said anxiety.
Depression.
Laura lujan: Yeah, I got another question about like 12. Um, okay. So I've been put on antidepressants probably three times in my life and all the three times I stopped voluntarily like might not going to stop. I stopped it. You know what I mean.
Laura lujan: And I can do to like the drug use and I was on. So whenever I got sober again and got put on it again. I stopped it again. And it's kind of a bad thing. But yeah, there's that.
Dawn Abriel: Well, you, you actually probably need it the most. While you're taking opioids, because the opioid suppress your ability to make serotonin and serotonin.
Dawn Abriel: Is what
Dawn Abriel: Drugs. Yeah, right.
Laura lujan: So at that point.
Dawn Abriel: Right, so you don't have as much of that is you need because the opioids are suppressing the manufacturing of serotonin.
Dawn Abriel: So you need to get back on the antidepressant. Which one were you taking
Laura lujan: Like recently. I'm sure not to DE It was something with an L M Lexapro.
Laura lujan: Think it was taking a sound right. Alan given with you that it was
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you're not having
Dawn Abriel: What kind of sleep problems do you have getting to sleep or staying staying asleep.
Laura lujan: My problem is, I'm always like, it kind of depends. Like, but again whenever I'm not withdrawing I'm always like, I just, I'm always asleep, pretty much like for the most part, whenever I'm withdrawing I can't sleep at all.
Dawn Abriel: So your sleep disturbances that you sleep too much.
Laura lujan: Yeah, I just, I like rest of it.
Laura lujan: And that's like without that's like what that's about it is what it is.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any easy bruising. Do you blend gums.
Laura lujan: Egg my name it.
Dawn Abriel: Do you do bruise easily do you do your guns blazing
Laura lujan: Now, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And are you taking any prescription medicine, besides the Suboxone know
Dawn Abriel: And how much of the Suboxone are you taking
Laura lujan: I was taking a shower today, but I don't know.
Laura lujan: How
Dawn Abriel: One strip a day.
Laura lujan: Yeah, I don't know how much they were half a milligram. Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any allergies to medicines.
motoring.
Dawn Abriel: What happens when you have motoring.
I thought
Dawn Abriel: You get nauseated. Also, it's just you throw up.
Laura lujan: I get nauseated today. Yeah, it's like the yeah
Dawn Abriel: Right, and nothing else.
Laura lujan: No, I don't think I have a fever anything. I think I saw just like customers.
Laura lujan: To get a bit
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: you bathe yourself and dress yourself and feed yourself and go to the bathroom by yourself and go from one
Dawn Abriel: To another by yourself and then, you know,
Dawn Abriel: You know who you are, where you are, what time it is. You make your own.
Dawn Abriel: Decision, you have your, your memory is normal for your age.
Dawn Abriel: You can focus your attention and you can read
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, me to do you know how to get your pulse.
Laura lujan: Yeah, I think so.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let me show you an easy way. If you take your right hand and go to the left side of your neck, you have this muscle that goes from your jaw down here and right in front of the muscle.
Dawn Abriel: Is your pulse and you can't press too hard, you block it off.
Dawn Abriel: So it's a light pressure right in front of the muscle.
Laura lujan: Okay, okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you when to count.
Dawn Abriel: Count out loud.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, right, and start now.
Laura lujan: On
Laura lujan: Three or
Laura lujan: Six.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, stop.
Laura lujan: Wait.
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
Laura lujan: Five foot one my toes by three, but it lives.
Laura lujan: And
Dawn Abriel: What's your current weight.
Laura lujan: Like 95 pounds underweight probably like 40 pounds.
Laura lujan: Me.
Dawn Abriel: So we need to do a physical exam. Now, are you able to prop the phone up somewhere.
Laura lujan: Yeah.
Laura lujan: So what
Laura lujan: Do I need the bed to no
Dawn Abriel: No, we just need to prop it up so you can show me things.
Laura lujan: I don't know.
Laura lujan: Yeah.
Laura lujan: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you pull your hand.
Dawn Abriel: Pull your against your fingers like that. Good. Let me see you tap your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and come really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect let go pull back, make your eyes go all the way to the right, all the way to the left.
Dawn Abriel: And up
Dawn Abriel: And down. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Breathe out if you decided you nose.
Dawn Abriel: Stick your tongue out at me. Open your mouth really wide.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, move your tongue, side to side. Perfect. Close your mouth bite down your job, no jaw pain.
Laura lujan: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let me, let me see you put your ear to your shoulder both sides.
Laura lujan: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and chin, the shoulder.
Dawn Abriel: And head back and head forward.
Dawn Abriel: Great and swallow for me.
Dawn Abriel: And take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay. And go ahead and stand up and let me see you push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Dawn Abriel: Bumps. Yeah, no nothing, no pain in there.
Dawn Abriel: No good and
Dawn Abriel: Make the camera or show me your ankles. I need to see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Other side.
Laura lujan: Can you see that, or no, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I can see it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so let's talk about the program you're going to come on
Dawn Abriel: What, what percentage. Have you been told.
Laura lujan: You
Dawn Abriel: That you are have hearing loss.
Laura lujan: I shouldn't
Dawn Abriel: Have. Has anyone diagnosed the hearing loss by percentage. Do you have 50
Laura lujan: Yeah yeah it's 48 and 30 to 40% hearing in one year and 32% hearing another girl I don't know which ones worse, which one's better. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Before you're going to go to group on Tuesday at seven o'clock.
Dawn Abriel: And before you go to group the night before or the day before, but you have to fill out a survey. It's called the brief addiction monitor be am
Laura lujan: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: And once once you you'll go to the virtual clinic, like you did to get in to see me.
Dawn Abriel: Right, you go to the virtual clinic, they will check to see that you did the survey the BAM and then they'll give you the group number because the group number changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: So you have to go to the virtual clinic and they have to check to see that your insurance is up to date that you've done your urine drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: That you did your band. Okay, so any problems or anything that you want to understand better. You go to the virtual clinic there the
Dawn Abriel: Problem solvers.
Laura lujan: All right. Okay. And that's zoom everything on zoom
Dawn Abriel: Everything is on zoom
Every day.
Dawn Abriel: Once a month.
Dawn Abriel: The bright heart health will send you a manila envelope like this.
Dawn Abriel: Do not open it. If you open it, they won't count it, you can't use it. So you get this in the mail, you go to the virtual clinic.
Dawn Abriel: And they'll and you say, what do I do with this and they say, open it up in front of us and you'll take this out and you'll open this and then you'll go pee in the cup.
Dawn Abriel: And then you'll come back to the zoom and you'll you'll rotate the cup and show them so that they can read the results. And that's how you do that you're in.
Laura lujan: Drug every stands. OK. OK. I see. That's cool. Awesome. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it seems a lot of
Trying
Laura lujan: My best. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So I do electronic prescriptions. You're never going to get a piece of paper with the prescription on it. I call it into the pharmacy you you told the care coordinators, which pharmacy want to use
Laura lujan: Yeah. I told them that market.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And so I'm going to give you one strip a day to get to Tuesday, and I mean in the meanwhile,
Dawn Abriel: The therapist, you and the therapist need to get together because what you're signing up for is one hour a week of group therapy one hour away a week of individual therapy. So it's
Dawn Abriel: Hours a week of
Dawn Abriel: Have a commitment now being to be in group. It's absolutely positively. You cannot have anyone in the same room with you.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Because if that person should accidentally see your screen and know someone who's in the group that would be a huge violation of privacy.
Laura lujan: Okay, so I absolutely have to be alone, even no matter what, like a car, a car or something.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah yeah
Dawn Abriel: But, but you have to have Wi Fi or your data package enough to be with video and audio for the full hour
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You know, even if you have to go like here into the bathroom. That's fine.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you have to have clothes on, obviously.
Dawn Abriel: And you can't show up intoxicated because
Dawn Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Laura lujan: Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god.
Dawn Abriel: I've had women show up with just so much cleavage that all you could see was boobs.
Laura lujan: That's messed up my. Come on, like, a place in the time
Laura lujan: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So, um, the urine drug screen will go to an address if you change addresses. Make sure bright heart health gets that new address as soon as possible. Okay.
Laura lujan: Yeah, there's like a, you know,
Dawn Abriel: I can check it.
Laura lujan: Because I don't know if it's my honor
Dawn Abriel: Because if you don't get the year if you don't get a one of those envelopes.
Laura lujan: Get it all but but
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, just be sure
Laura lujan: Going through
Dawn Abriel: Well, once every month. I don't know exactly.
Dawn Abriel: Well, okay. So this is on Monroe street North
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: So after and I'm also going to give you some Narc can by law. If I give you Suboxone and I'm going to be giving you buprenorphine naloxone, the generic that the insurance is covered by insurance better
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: The end. The Narcan so be be sure and have the Narc can, you know,
Laura lujan: with me at all times.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Mostly. Mostly, not for you, but for the people you see around you. That's how most people use it and there's 11 refills, so you can
Dawn Abriel: Use it, go get another one. But it's really important that people have it so after we're done. I want you to go back to the virtual clinic and do two things I want you to ask them to show you how to do the BAM. The brief addiction monitor
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: I want you to take one more survey.
Dawn Abriel: Called the ACE AC e
Laura lujan: A survey.
Dawn Abriel: A survey. It stands for adverse childhood experiences. It's just 10 questions one time, no fuss. No, Bobby. You shouldn't have any trouble, you'll be in and out of there real quickly.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions.
Laura lujan: No, nothing. Are you going to send the prescription to the pharmacy.
Dawn Abriel: As soon as we get off.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and D.
Dawn Abriel: Have you already gone to get your labs.
Laura lujan: No, yeah, I'm gonna go today.
Dawn Abriel: Good, because I can't write another prescription until I get your labs.
Laura lujan: Okay, that's
Laura lujan: Good.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so I think we're done unless you've got anything you want to
Know,
Dawn Abriel: You're going to get an email from me, it will have your therapist, it will have her email address. Also, and it will have her phone number. So, and, and it takes text so you can text her and say I'm new. I'm in your seven o'clock Tuesday group and
Dawn Abriel: She'll get back to you and set up a date.
Laura lujan: Okay.
Laura lujan: All right, awesome.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, Laura. Have a good day.
Laura lujan: You too. Bye.
Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I forgot I still have the recording on
Dawn Abriel: I was ordering her medicine.
See
Dawn Abriel: I think it's just a matter of filling in the bubbles.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: I usually put the plan for a new patient in there.
Dawn Abriel: It's a text shortcut, so I might as well.
Do
Dawn Abriel: For new patient
Dawn Abriel: And I need to put in her problem list.
Dawn Abriel: The IDs. All right. Thank you.